All right.
So let's introduce a solution to the problem we encountered in the previous lesson, the problem of
the structuring properties of a reactive object and getting the original primitive values.
The first additional function that I'd like to introduce you to is called to ref.
So let's go ahead and import it right here.
I'm going to import to ref.
Now, this name might be kind of familiar to you because you may recall we started off this section
with the ref function.
And what that does is it takes a primitive value or any value for that matter, such as a string or
a number, and it wraps it in a reactive object and makes that value accessible through the value property.
So what two ref does for us is something very similar.
It creates a similar a reactive object, but its whole purpose is exactly for these kinds of situations
when we want to make a reactive property from a reactive object.
So our original source is a reactive object and we want to make just one of its properties reactive
so then we can use it by itself.
That's when we use the two ref function.
So unfortunately we will not be able to use the regular destruction syntax.
But we can get something like this in our program where we have first name and lasting values available
that will come from a reactive object of person.
So I'm going to remove this line right here and then we're going to try to emulate it.
So I'm going to have a constant called first name and we're going to use the two ref function.
The first argument is going to be a reactive object.
Okay, so we have a reactive object available in our person constant that is returned to us by our reactive
function.
So I'm simply going to pass in the whole object of person.
The second argument is going to be a string representing the property that we want to take off that
object and make reactive.
So I'm going to provide a string of first name.
Okay.
So what this is going to do is equivalent to taking first name right here and wrapping it in a ref.
Right.
It's taking that property and making it reactive.
So this is now a reactive object.
Who's that?
Who's storing a value of first name from the reactive person object?
I'm going to repeat the syntax down below for my last name property.
Same syntax.
So last name.
We're going to invoke the two raft function.
The first argument is a reactive object.
We only have one right now, which is person.
The second argument is the property that I want to take from that object and make reactive.
I want to target the last thing property this time around.
Now, when I run this, you might think this is going to work because now we have first name assigned
and we have last name assigned and we're using it here.
But we're actually going to get a little bit of a surprise.
So let's take a look at what happens when I run this file.
Here we go.
Interesting.
We get object, object, object, object.
The great what is going on here?
While remember what to ref does is it returns a regular view reactive object.
So this is not some kind of magic reactive string.
It is that familiar object that we've talked about before that has a value property equal to whatever
first name was, which was Burrus.
And yes, this object will update whenever, for example, this object updates.
However, it's still going to store that change in a value property.
What we are referencing here in first name now is not that reactive string that's stored internally,
but the complete object that is the kind of wrapper around that core value.
So once again, just like when we used our ref function in the early lessons of the section, we have
to reference first name dot value and last name dot value.
All right.
So now we created a reactive object.
We were able to get references to its to its properties and make them reactive using the two ref function
that created its own separate, smaller reactive objects that we now can reference right here and notice
what we're going to do here.
We're going to change a property on person.
That's this reactive object.
However, this creates a connection or a reactivity to that original person object so that when we change
this, this will immediately update.
And thus the computed function right here, which is looking at first name, which now is a reactive
object, will also update.
So now we should get back to normal code.
So when I run this, we are indeed going to see Boris pass.
Give her the Napoleon Pass.
Give her the Napoleon Griffin.
Right.
So once again, we're changing properties on our original reactive object.
We used to have to maintain a reference to a property on a reactive object.
Keep in mind this returns its own reactive objects.
And then because we have these objects now, we can't just reference first thing and last name.
We have to use dot value on those reactive objects to properly get that reactive value and tell you
to track it.
Right?
So this is the solution to working with these structuring properties from a reactive object.
We're going to take a look at a slightly more elegant solution to this problem in the very next lesson.